# programming-technologies-assignments
Some of my biggest assignments for my Programming Technologies course from my 4th semester at the Autonomous University of Baja California (January - May, 2020). Both assignments were programmed entirely with C and were required to be written entirely in one .c file each.

[Practica7.c](Practica7.c) is a simulation of a services and appointments manager. It allows you to create new services (with an ID, name, price and description) and create appointments for registered services (the appointments have an ID, name of applicant, name of patient, a date, a time and a "to be done" or "concluded" status). The manager also allows you to consult the registered services and appointments either generally (lists all registered services or appointments) or specifically through their IDs. You can also remove services and appointments, as well as reschedule or conclude appointments. The services and appointments are automatically stored in separate txt files (services in "servicios.txt" and appointments in "citas.txt").

[Practica6.c](Practica6.c) is a simulation of a life manager. It allows you to register births by assigning a newly-born baby an ID number, a name, a height and a weight. It allows you to list all registered living people (or consult a specific one through their ID) and advance time to see how the living people grow up (their age, height and weight increase as time advances). Registered people "die" when they turn 21 years old, so their age, height and weight won't increase anymore by advancing time. This manager can list the "eliminated" people and also show the average age, height and weight of all living people.
